javascript and today we are going to do
it awesome mojito we are making virgin
mojito and this is one of the best
mojito you will ever have
it's really easy let's get right into it
let's make virgin mojito what you see is
what you get fresh stuff we're going to
get started with of a mojito the very
first thing I am going to add is my
crushed candy it is a Polo candy or any
mint candy I also line up the glass with
this or just add it like this so you can
use any mint and I'm using some lime
juice fresh lime juice I'm using this
Mentos this candy has been crushed it's
a mint just green mint or polo mint
any mint would work so in goes a little
bit lemon and half lemon you can use
lemon or lime mint leaves about 4-5
brown sugar now we are going to mix it
little bit and then we are going to
muddle it so muddle it lightly we want
all the juices of lemon and mint to
mingle so I'm going to speciate crush it
not a whole lot little bit so here it
goes my eyes I'm using crushed eyes you
can use little cubes anything you like I
have totally fill it to the top with ice
now we are going to use any soda sprite
or 7up I'm using 7up and we are going to
slowly add the face look at this face
and refreshing drink
so finally I'm going to top it up with
little bit of not a whole lot just a
pinch to give it the color and then we
are going to give it a good coat makes
isn't it amazing already this is
one very cool refreshing drink for
summers and this is virgin mojito the
ultimate virgin mojito you would have
you can decorate it with some lime verge
and a string of mint on the top here we
go
virgin mojito I'm so very ready to drink
it ready enjoy Cheers
hope you like this recipe to share with
your friends and see you soon bye